Julie Chang: Welcome to Tech News Briefing. It's Wednesday, October 18th. I'm Julie Chang for the Wall Street Journal. The explosion of generative AI tools over the last year has infiltrated so many of our lives, whether it's answering our online searches or the AI chatbot that's become our new best friend. And while there are many entrepreneurs in the sector, one of them, Sam Altman, the CEO of OpenAI, seems to be at the center. At the WSJ's Tech Live, he and the company's CTO sat down with our senior personal tech columnist, Joanna Stern, to talk about the future of AI. We'll have highlights from their conversation. But first, Amazon is revamping its warehouse operations with new AI-equipped sortation machines and robotic arms. The e-commerce giant says the updates will help reduce delivery times and identify inventory more quickly. And for employees, our reporter, Sebastian Herrera, says they'll be expected to work alongside the new machines.

Sebastian Herrera: The change for them is that things will just be a little bit more efficient around them. And a big change that Amazon is promoting is that instead of reaching up to grab items in these large shelves, that these items are going to be coming to them more in what's known as the power zone, which is basically around the hip area. And they believe that will eliminate all of these repetitive stress injuries and will just make it more ergonomic. This new system by Amazon moves the needle forward in terms of large-scale robotics. Amazon has one of the largest warehouse networks in the nation, employees hundreds of thousands of employees, and so doing this at scale is what's difficult for Amazon. Amazon delivers billions of packages each year, and to make it even a little bit more efficient is important to them for speed purposes and just the goals that they have around fast delivery.

Julie Chang: The Biden administration is tightening restrictions on advanced chip exports to China, particularly those used for artificial intelligence tech. That's according to the Commerce Department. The move makes it tougher for US companies like Nvidia and Intel to sell existing products in China or make new chips to circumvent the rules. Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo said the goal is to limit China's access to advanced semiconductors that could fuel breakthroughs in AI and sophisticated computers or be used for military purposes. A spokesman for the Chinese embassy in Washington said China firmly opposes the new restrictions and the measures violate the principles of market economy and disrupts global supply chains. And auto safety regulators are investigating crews over pedestrian risks. In a filing Tuesday, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, or NHTSA, said it had opened a probe into nearly 600 self-driving vehicles operated by General Motors' driverless car unit, Cruise, after reports of vehicles exhibiting risky behavior around pedestrians. The agency says it's aware of four incidents, including two that resulted in injuries. Cruise has been trying to expand services in the Bay Area, Austin, Texas, and Phoenix. A company spokesperson said it's cooperating with NHTSA's requests for information. The Wall Street Journal's Tech Live event brings together some big names in tech and more to discuss the most pressing issues facing the industry today. One person at this year's event was Palmer Luckey. He's the founder of defense technology company Anduril Industries. Before that, he founded Oculus, which was acquired by Meta. Our senior platform editor, Julia Munslow, got to chat with him at the event.